book/src/welcome.md, before:

# Welcome to Pacbot!

We are part of RIT's Multi-Disciplinary Robotics Club, a student-led organization that aims to teach, create, 
and manage robotics projects, using skills learned across electrical, mechanical, and software engineering.

Our team focuses on developing PacBot, a small fully autonomous robot to play the arcade game Pac-Man on a physical field. During competition season in the Spring, PacBot will compete with other robots from other universities for the highest score. In each competition, PacBot must navigate a maze while avoiding virtual ghosts. This provides a unique pathfinding challenge of navigating a maze while collecting points but avoiding contact with "ghosts". We have won 2nd place at the 2025 competition hosted by University of Illinois - Champaign Urbana. We took first place in the competition we hosted in April 2025. We are hoping to advance to 1st place at the next competition.

Our current goals are:
* Implement a more effective and precise control of low-level components utilizing feedforward and closed feedback control.
* Design a micromouse-style robot that can move faster and have a smaller frame.
* Design and implement an effective localization algorithm that establishes an accurate and stable position.
* Create a logging framework so that the state of the robot can be replayed and analyzed.
* Implement functionalities in a GUI so that user control of the robot is intuitive and quick.
* Foster a team environment where members can pursue and implement projects that interest them the most.
* Compete and dominate at Pacbot competitions!

<br />  

This is an image of our robot and the competition we hosted in April 2025. We have the physical board on the ground that the robot needs to navigate around and a projection of the video game over the field on the ground. People are able to watch the robot's play on the projection.
![PacBot robot](/book/images/pacbot.png) ![Competition Board](/book/images/full_game2025.png.jpg).

Commit message:

add links to pictures in welcome.md

book/src/welcome.md, after:

# Welcome to Pacbot!

We are part of RIT's Multi-Disciplinary Robotics Club, a student-led organization that aims to teach, create, 
and manage robotics projects, using skills learned across electrical, mechanical, and software engineering.

Our team focuses on developing PacBot, a small fully autonomous robot to play the arcade game Pac-Man on a physical field. During competition season in the Spring, PacBot will compete with other robots from other universities for the highest score. In each competition, PacBot must navigate a maze while avoiding virtual ghosts. This provides a unique pathfinding challenge of navigating a maze while collecting points but avoiding contact with "ghosts". We have won 2nd place at the 2025 competition hosted by University of Illinois - Champaign Urbana. We took first place in the competition we hosted in April 2025. We are hoping to advance to 1st place at the next competition.

Our current goals are:
* Implement a more effective and precise control of low-level components utilizing feedforward and closed feedback control.
* Design a micromouse-style robot that can move faster and have a smaller frame.
* Design and implement an effective localization algorithm that establishes an accurate and stable position.
* Create a logging framework so that the state of the robot can be replayed and analyzed.
* Implement functionalities in a GUI so that user control of the robot is intuitive and quick.
* Foster a team environment where members can pursue and implement projects that interest them the most.
* Compete and dominate at Pacbot competitions!

<br />  

This is an image of our robot and the competition we hosted in April 2025. We have the physical board on the ground that the robot needs to navigate around and a projection of the video game over the field on the ground. People are able to watch the robot's play on the projection. If pictures do not show click [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OlmCtnr8tsUqDHCDqm_E7Cdd-6IaNbj7/view?usp=sharing) for the robot and [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TuR0mWwFmth7ajinlTCPX8y76qnTMh9P/view?usp=sharing) for the competition board.

![PacBot robot](/book/images/pacbot.png) ! [Competition Board](/book/images/full_game2025.png.jpg).
